mk_add_options MOZ_MAKE_FLAGS="##JOBCOUNT##"

ac_add_options --prefix=/usr
ac_add_options --libdir=/usr/lib
ac_add_options --enable-release
ac_add_options --enable-gold

ac_add_options --enable-official-branding

ac_add_options --with-system-nspr
ac_add_options --with-system-nss
ac_add_options --with-system-icu
ac_add_options --with-system-jpeg
ac_add_options --with-system-zlib
ac_add_options --with-system-bz2
ac_add_options --with-system-libevent
ac_add_options --with-system-libvpx
ac_add_options --enable-system-hunspell
ac_add_options --enable-system-sqlite
ac_add_options --enable-system-ffi
ac_add_options --enable-system-pixman


ac_add_options --enable-calendar
ac_add_options --prefix=/usr
ac_add_options --enable-application=mail
ac_add_options --enable-safe-browsing
ac_add_options --with-pthreads
#ac_add_options --enable-timeline


ac_add_options --disable-debug
#ac_add_options --disable-gstreamer
ac_add_options --disable-crashreporter
ac_add_options --disable-updater
