. $topsrcdir/browser/config/mozconfig
mk_add_options MOZ_MAKE_FLAGS="##JOBCOUNT##"

ac_add_options --prefix=/usr
ac_add_options --enable-release
ac_add_options --enable-linker=gold
ac_add_options --enable-hardening
ac_add_options --enable-optimize

ac_add_options --enable-official-branding

# System libraries
ac_add_options --with-system-nspr
ac_add_options --with-system-nss
#ac_add_options --with-system-icu
ac_add_options --with-system-jpeg
ac_add_options --with-system-zlib
ac_add_options --with-system-bz2
#ac_add_options --with-system-libevent
ac_add_options --with-system-libvpx
#ac_add_options --enable-system-hunspell
ac_add_options --enable-system-ffi
#ac_add_options --enable-system-pixman
ac_add_options --enable-system-sqlite
#ac_add_options --enable-gstreamer=1.0
#ac_add_options --disable-elf-hack

# Features
#ac_add_options --enable-application=browser
#ac_add_options --enable-alsa
#ac_add_options --enable-jack
ac_add_options --enable-startup-notification
ac_add_options --disable-updater
ac_add_options --disable-crashreporter
#ac_add_options --disable-stylo
ac_add_options --disable-gconf

# New MP4, etc
ac_add_options --enable-rust-simd


ac_add_options --with-google-api-keyfile="%%PWD%%/%%FILE%%"
#ac_add_options --enable-safe-browsing

mk_add_options MOZ_OBJDIR=@TOPSRCDIR@/build
